x-pack/filebeat/input/awss3 ; Fix nil hit panic when a getter is invoked on input metric (#36101)
elastic/beats: x-pack/filebeat/docs/inputs/input-aws-s3.asciidoc

| `sqs_messages_inflight_gauge`             | Number of SQS messages inflight (gauge).
| `sqs_messages_returned_total`             | Number of SQS message returned to queue (happens on errors implicitly after visibility timeout passes).
| `sqs_messages_deleted_total`              | Number of SQS messages deleted.

> | `sqs_messages_waiting_gauge`              | Number of SQS messages waiting in the SQS queue (gauge). The value is refreshed every minute via data from GetQueueAttributes. A value of (0) indicates `no messages waiting` but a value 0f (-1) indicates `metrics not collected/error collecting metrics `

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sqs_messages_waiting_gauge`              | Number of SQS messages waiting in the SQS queue (gauge). The value is refreshed every minute via data from GetQueueAttributes. A value of (0) indicates `no message waiting` but a value of (-1) indicates `metrics not collected/error collecting metrics `
```

Author: Updated to https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/36101#discussion_r1268545974

> | `sqs_messages_waiting_gauge`              | Number of SQS messages waiting in the SQS queue (gauge). The value is refreshed every minute via data from GetQueueAttributes. A value of (0) indicates `no messages waiting` but a value 0f (-1) indicates `metrics not collected/error collecting metrics `

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `sqs_messages_waiting_gauge`              | Number of SQS messages waiting in the SQS queue (gauge). The value is refreshed every minute via data from https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/APIReference/API_GetQueueAttributes.html<GetQueueAttributes>. A value of `-1` indicates the metric is uninitialized or could not be collected due to an error.
```

Maybe explaining the meaning of 0 in this context is unnecessary.
